Okay, so in this video,
we'll cover steps one and two of our process.
We'll create the environment file:environment.qa.ts
and define the configuration
in the angular.json"build"section.
Okay, let's get started.
So step one, creating an environment file environment.qa.ts.
So we'll move over here to our
source environments directory,
and I'll simply copy paste an existing file.
So I'll copy environment.ts and then paste it.
And I'll simply rename it.
So I'll rename it as environment.qa.ts.
All right, so I'll close the environment.ts
and I'll make sure that I'm in environment.qa.ts.
So just kind of do a little checkpoint here,
make sure you're in the right file,
you're editing the right file, environment.qa.ts.
And now for the qa environment,
we know that our Spring boot app is running on port 9898,
so we need to update this URL value accordingly.
Now, in step two,
we need to define our configuration in the angular.json file
for the build section.
So I moved down here to angular.json.
And then remember this is a large file here
so when you go to the path, projects,
angular-ecommerce, architect, build, configurations.
So, it's really important
that you make it to the right location within this file.
So projects, angular-ecommerce,
architect, field, configurations.
Okay, that's where we're at.
And then as a checkpoint,
you can see there's the existing entry here for production.
And so we'll kind of roll down a bit
just to kind of see where we're at in the file.
And also just kind of moving up
to make sure these things are lined up just right.
So production,
so this is where we want to add
a new entry here after production.
And then also up top,
I have a little highlight here
where your path should be similar
to the path that we have here.
So again, projects, angular-ecommerce, architect, build
in this case configuration.
And we'll add this new configuration here for qa.
So it's our configuration name.
And then we add the entries here for file replacements,
and we say replace and so we give the original file,
environments/environment.ts,
and then we tell it which one to replace with.
And so this is going to be our environment.qa.ts.
And so remember it doesn't actually replace the file
on the file system,
it simply tells angular to
load the environment.qa.ts file,
as opposed to the regular environment.ts.
Okay, so we can kind of use this as a checkpoint
just to see where we're at
and make sure everything is lined up okay.